at
Hello to all visitors to the store
leave to become a major accident
viewers
you are watching a regular review sediment is weak
dedicated electronics available
for purchase in our stores
in a series of external Libyan drives
format two and a half topics
called export noise one time
The second series of external birth received
official support bender
Ivanov more compact size and
other positive changes about which
we just do not tell in this
device review combines
desktop functionality and
online solutions come on wide
synchronization capabilities
sharing with
additional software
provide from the manufacturer
sit internet drive this access
round-the-clock online service
opening opportunity in general
using files through
Internet is a similar principle for example
boxing powder and all these pluses of course
available subject to purchase device with
official guarantee how about
provided by shops in kindergarten
point ru proceed to the review
P
xpg external drive packaging
now made of eco-friendly
of materials
Greenpeace as a clap of hands on
box marked the name of Syria
purpose their volume on the side
verge list of picking and
system requirements separately noted that
the drive is completely compatible with it in
whole
and on the top mark warranty terms
the manufacturer in this case is two
years on the back
information in Russian as well
compatible with operating
all systems are supported
modern versions of the index
bottom sticker with serial number
book number devices which
We in this review account will be useful when
disk authentication inside the package
the following external risks drive
two and a half movie format
quick start guide russian
there is a warranty card with
information about warranty conditions
also cable to connect Kiev
the port kit is small but external
in the form of drives, in principle, more
do not need anything especially with such a thing
volume and feature set presence
looking at the volume in this external wait
compact
the borehole series is quite different
original design top
part of the glossy year they are from the sky
practicality matte and accordingly
practically not scratched thanks
This unusual design in this
carrier stands out among fellows and
it looks great she became on the front
side of the drive operation indicator
also here you want 9 too original
mini connector and everywhere located on the side
and with the expectation that the device can
Will be missing from the cover if you have it
there is when connecting distinctive
feature of this drive is availability
special sim card holder
located on the bottom surface
massive rubber legs if cable
the bundled one is not very long but
maple it is convenient to carry an assembly
solid case is quite reliable
Yu
external hard drive without problems
be detected by computer
modern news 1 thousand
it gets the name of the tire drive export
system and there is a need for software
located on the disk itself
can initially register
your device on the site and get
additional features and
support included floor present
diagnostic tool
parameter settings energy saving and
convenient backup software
copy and sync
disk formatted to manufacturers
quanta with therefore storage problems
files larger than two gigabytes are not
there will be a pre device
simple automatically
transitions in idle state extends
thus the lifetime of the hard disk time
auto off tune in
corresponding period going to
complete as a result looks portable
drive and drive order cry in new
the series has become even more compact and convenient
offering a great option for such forms
factor original design plus
functional software
support and now tell and support
and guarantees
get their new features for
your device and find out about the warranty
manufacturer, you can visit the official
League website
in the menu section support and files for
downloads need to click on the item
warranty support and three types
whether speaking links
guarantees we drive it here
the same serial number beijing
clicks fill in the necessary items and
we press the line before
if your device is sold in the right
in the region and has limited
official manufacturer warranty you
You will see the term of this guarantee and useful
information about the conditions were as in the case
with device provided
shops 100 thousand rubles also on the site you can
download new software version
software and special utilities
in stores soviet sigda slaughter prices for
electronics remember this before meeting in
Reviews on sites are weak
m